# Local changes in potassium ions regulate input integration in active dendrites


## Figure 1
Primarly generated using the folder "Statistical_potassium_shift". 
* Ptest.py generates samples of dendritic segments and computes the synaptic activity figure factor curve and figure 1e
* Illustration.py (1b, 1c, 1d, 1h) and line_plot.py (1g, 1f) generates the rest of the figures.

## Figure 2
Centered around the point dendrite model. To utilize the point dendrite model for other projects,
one can use the entire model by selecting point_dendrite.py and Ionic_channels.py in the same subfolder. 
Traces for figures was generated by using different verisons of EK_generator.py
* Traces_2B.py recreates figure 2B
* EK_dendritic_width.py recreates figures 2c and 2d
* limit.py recreates figure 2e
* synaptic_plane recreates figure 2f
* orientation_chance recreates figure 2g and 2f


## Figure 3
Channels and IV curves was generated using the point dendrite model. Figure 3 was
created using fixedpoint_fix.py and the illustration for the Supplementary movie was created 
usiing nmda_gif.py in the DynSys_neuron folder


## Figure 4.
Code for the creation  and simulation of the abstract neuron is in the Abstract_neuron folder. To inhibit the neuron with synapses we used the function create_segments.py. From this we created different scripts warrying the weight og the size of the neuron to see how it would addapt. For more details see readme in the abstract neuron folder.
Figures was created using the scripts carrying the label of the subfigure


## SI
* S1 - S5 is created with similar methods as figure 2, thus the files generating these plots are found in Point dendrite folder
* S6 is created using the L5PC morphology, found in its own subfolder
* S7 and S8 was created using SI7-8.py in the abstract_neuron_folder
* S11 is created using the AllK_diffusion.py and plotted with both_plot.py
* S10, S12 and S13 is generated using EK_diffusion.py and plotted with plot_EK.py
* S14 is generated using S14_fig.py
* S15 is generated using freq_modulated_EK.py
